gh-81719: Add private members to ``zipfile.ZipFile`` to make it easier to subclass (#137101)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-07-25-14-27-29.gh-issue-81719.hWp7Mn.rst

> zipfile.ZipFile.__init__ was updated to make it easier to subclass and
> extend it to support new encryption methods.

Reviewer: 1. We should mention the new parameters.
2. No need to mention encryption specifically; you can use this for other cases.
```suggestion
:class:`zipfile.ZipFile` was given the `zipinfo_class` and `zipextfile_class` to make it easier to subclass and
extend it.
```

> extend it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:class:`zipfile.ZipFile` was given the *zipinfo_class* and *zipextfile_class* to make it easier to subclass and
extend it.
```

Author: Thanks. I now see this documentation page https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#quick-reference

my bad
